README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Phase 1

#### What will the application do? Who will use it?

I want to create an application where you can first gain "coins" by completing certain activity/actions, 
and then you can use these coins to purchase certain characters from *Sonic the Hedgehog*. 
You can then use these coins to power up different traits of the characters you purchased.

Ideally, the actions to be completed in order to gain coins will be complicated and fun enough to be like a game.
Perhaps things like a puzzle (sudoku? maze?).

The user can also view the characters with their different traits and how much it costs to power up to the next level,
what level they're currently at, etc.

#### Why is this project of interest to you?

I wanted to create this project because I play a mobile version of this game a lot and it's quite fun to always 
have a goal to work towards in a game (e.g. accumulating coins to power up a character).
I also don't really play games at all so I wanted to try and code one and see how it is like.

#### User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to add a character to the list of characters I own.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and view how much it costs to power up/purchase it.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and power up their traits, or purchase it.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and view their list of traits and the levels of each trait.
- As a user, I want to be able to view all the characters I own and all the characters I don't yet own.

Commit message:

Updated README.md and user stories.

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## Phase 1

#### What will the application do? Who will use it?

I want to create an application where a user will be able to obtain a random amount of "coins" which they can use to 
purchase certain characters of a game. 
The coins can also be used to power up different traits of the characters the user purchases.

The user can also view the characters with their different traits and how much it costs to power up to the next level,
what level they're currently at, and how many coins they have left.

#### Why is this project of interest to you?

I wanted to create this project because I play a mobile version of *Sonic the Hedgehog* a lot, and it's quite fun to 
always have a goal to work towards in a game (e.g. accumulating coins to power up a character).
I also don't really play games at all, so I wanted to try to code one and see how it is like.

#### User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to start the game and obtain a random amount of coins.
- As a user, I want to be able to add a character to the list of characters I own.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and view how much it costs to power up/purchase it.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and power up their traits, or purchase it.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a character and view their list of traits and the levels of each trait.
- As a user, I want to be able to view all the characters I own and all the characters I don't yet own.
- As a user, I want to be able to see how many coins I still have.
